Project 4 Proposal
The topic of project 4 is really interesting, as we students can decide what we want to do and how to conduct the research, deliverables, and so on. I started off with some ideas about doing research of UNT students about their life, including accommodation and shopping. However, after some discussions with Dr. Lam, I have come up with a topic that can be related to both my major (Marketing) and TECM. 
Specifically, this semester, I’m taking four classes, one of which is Accounting for Management. In the class, I have to form a company from my original idea, and learn how to manage the company within the field of accounting. However, the idea on that company can go further than that. Thanks to the suggestions from Dr. Lam, I realize I can somehow link what I have had with the company in accounting and the topic for this project. 
The company was named “Fuschia Organics Inc,”, and its main products are organic, healthy snack, juice, processed food for health-concerning customers. Currently, the company operates mainly as a manufacturer, which means it produces products but does not directly sell them. The key partners of the company are the wholesalers, retailers, chains like Wal-mart, Target, etc. However, as shown in the vision of the company, it will soon expand business to the online market. 
For the project, I expect to work on the marketing side of the company when the online business has been operated. I will create two outputs for two distinct groups of audience: Investors to raise capital and my marketing peers who work in the same department. For the investors, the information focuses on how this decision to go online is potential and worth investing. The language must be formal, yet easy to understand. The content must create a positive and advantageous outlook of the company. On the other hand, the language for the peers report can be more expertise with more jargons and informal tone and words. It must also show the role of giving the exact true outlook along with the frequently updated information of the business, including all the market moves, advantages, disadvantages, etc.  
This project expects to deliver a fundamental idea about the job of Technical Communicators (TCs): customize content for different audiences. Many of the readings in the class reflects this duty that TCs encounter very regularly in their work, and I hope I can recreate such experience over here in this project. 

