There are some remarkable points in the article that Albers emphasized on, which gives me some extremely new insights in single sourcing and the career as a technical commutator. First and foremost, it is important to know that single sourcing is a looming possibility in the field. A number of distinct audience segments can be reached from just an only single writing. For example, both novice users and experienced users can be satisfied within their range of knowledge and requirements if the output documents are designed differently for them from one single writing. This really reminds me about the power of single source and thus encourages me to make use of the concept more frequently.
Besides, it is extremely interesting to know about the terms of “junior writers” and “senior writers” and the roles related to each of the term. So, it can be inferred that “junior” or 
“senior” is not explicitly depend on the working years or experience but a handful of other responsibilities. This really revokes the thoughts in my mind about how students can be fully prepared for the jobs when they are still in the academic environment. As I do not really know much about how it is in school, I hope that various skills listed in the articles are or will be taught at school now or in the very close future. 
He also pointed out a very interesting opinion that more training, specialization, experience are not enough to create the highly effective level across the organization but shedding the craftsman model. I have never been aware of the potential trap waiting for the craftsman model that technical communicators may choose the solution easiest to write but not easiest to use. Moreover, technical communicators should not work just as writer-craftsmen by themselves but must put themselves in the context of working in teams and create the products that are consistent in tone, style and sentence construction. 
. Jobs like information analyst, information designer, information architect, and information technologist appear to be fundamental for companies in the future if Albers is accurate. Therefore, even though my major is not technical communication, I am eager to see how the field may alter in the future and how technical communicators gain more respects as well as hold more strategic positions within the organizations.
